Arms / quarterly / i emergent paly from a legal orle of reception, a civic beak newly chained or, robed and garnished proper with bullion, slightly debruised with thunderbolts issuant from a chief justifiably rampant in invective robed and wigged proper with sleeves turned up ermine gorged with a choler of justice / ij at a bend of the field on a turf vert under the heraldic rose a sporting veteran wary to the last putting a bit proper on a likely mount turning up trumpy on the post / iij several salted guinea-pigs debrettees richly gilt and voided of scruple charged with marketable coronets bartered in lure / iiij on a ground of promotion a partisan of renown semee with shamrocks and shillelaghs and wreathed with laurels elevated and erased all proper. Crest / rising from a bar barry a tower of strength armed at all points and charged with a snuff-box of resort furtively employed for solace. Supporters / dexter, a female figure of justice scaly on the pounce reguardant sundry bubbles of finance issuant in fraud / sinister, an Irish disunicorn, brogued proper, chronically rampant in quest of autonomy. Arms / quarterly / i on a ship party-coloured, shattered, dismasted and waterlogged, a crew prone to mutiny reguardant in complacence over the side a tried and weather-beaten chief avoirdupois proper, incontinently jettisoned without scruple or remorse / ij on a ground of grievance two tents of Achilles, freely canvassed in the press, conjoined morly in tension and possibly somewhat overstrained / iij a masterly heraldic bouget of finance, charged with a fleece of gold lifted proper from sundry millionaires gorged or, collared in transit on the hop / iiij on a ground protestant kensittee a veteran campaigner statant single-handed "on his helmet the motto 'Ut veniant omnes!' - 'Let 'em all come!'" bearing a plume mordant guttee de l'encre transfixing several anglican traitors foxy to the last but exposed proper in mummery. Crest / emergent from a crown of the Plantagenets, a rogue-elephant of the forest jumbonee, thwarted circumvented and finally ousted with alacrity. +Motto / 'Contra dexter et audax' - 'Skilful and bold in opposition.'+ Supporters +'otherwise engaged! - mainly in accepting resignations by return of post - but in place thereof possibly the following will answer the purpose'+ / dexter, an eminent litterateur similarly isolated and unique in courtesy, and gratitude, charged with a colossal biography proper / sinister, an heraldic sun luluois radiant in geniality, exemplarily staunch and filial to the core. Second Motto +Welsh translation+ / 'Lyddthe ryfraf, dydd yu effyr, nod yff y nowydd!' Arms / quarterly / i an antique Boer in his glory regarding a lion spotted over a bordure 'chartered' componee, partly white-washed / ij an heraldic bartlet cuffed and erased under a chapeau doubled up carmine / iij an Irish shamrock, barred in perpetuity on a ground orange of prejudice / iiij a mysterious libel voluntarily erased sable, rendered more or less illegible after the manner of the new journalism / over all, on an escutcheon of pretence, several ministerial billets of the best, clawed and collared in advance. Crest / a lion of debate langued mordant, bearing in dexter paw the union flag flowing to the sinister, dropping in his progress a Phrygian or republican cap of liberty 'turned up' and refaced ermine. Supporters / two highly crusted pillars of the constitution +sang-+azure in a demi-furious state of suppression. 